h1. HydraulicLib

h2. What does HydraulicLib do?

HydraulicLib is a build aggregator to help automatically clone and build your favorite open source libraries, in one command.

Included initially is linkage to:
* "AS3Signals":https://github.com/robertpenner/as3-signals/wiki
* "AS3CoreLib":https://github.com/mikechambers/as3corelib
* "FlexUnit":http://flexunit.org/
* "MinimalComps":http://www.minimalcomps.com/
* "Mockolate":http://mockolate.org/
* "RobotLegs":http://www.robotlegs.org/

*Currently the build for MinimalComps pulls from "my fork":https://github.com/connatser/minimalcomps of "Keith Peters'":http://www.bit-101.com/blog/ MinimalComps repository, which is currently in pull request status.
*The FlexUnit build is disabled by default due to the team typically releasing from the FlexUnit website. The build included in this structure should be considered bleeding edge.

h2. What happens "behind the scenes"?

HydraulicLib is an set of build structures that physically clones the included open source libraries from github, executes their build scripts, relocates the combined swc to your set library location, then cleans out the cloned source files. The idea is to be able to update your local library versions of your favorite open source libraries easily, with one build script. By using the original author's build scripts and cloning from their actual repository, you can rest assured that you will grab the latest and greatest versions of these great libraries.


h2. How to use HydraulicLib

All of the libraries that are included rely on the FLEX_HOME environment variable being set.
To set the FLEX_HOME environment variable use:
* export FLEX_HOME=[PATH TO YOUR FLEX SDK]

To run HydraulicLib ensure that:
# you have "git":git-scm.com installed.
# you have "Ant":http://ant.apache.org/ installed.
# you have the FLEX_HOME environment variable set, as described above.
# you have set the path, in *build.properties* - *LIB_LOC*, for the generated libraries.
## This is the location for HydraulicLib to clone, build, and place the generated libraries.
# you clone or download this repository and simply run the default build.xml file e.g. "ant".

h2. Other info, etc., etc.

This build structure is intended to make life easier by aggregating the build of the Flash communities most useful libraries, that are hosted on GitHub and are open source. HydraulicLib does not replace, alter or remove any of the original author's source code, it simply clones the source code just as you could manually. No code ownership is assumed to be taken from the original author of any of the libraries that are referenced and each will be given their full credit.

If you would like more libraries to be added to this build structure feel free to ask, or go fork it yourself and submit a pull request. Conversely if your library is included in this build structure and you would rather it not be, please contact me directly.

h2. Due credit (keeping it really real)

HydraulicLib utilizes an Ant macrodef created by "Thomas Robinson":http://tlrobinson.net/blog/2008/11/13/ant-tasks-for-git/

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
